hello good evening everyone is soussou
how are you and the taste of the months
it's okay friends we find ourselves
today for a new video on
a call of duty black ops in match mode
to death by team on the map nothing
hate I like in this video I'm going
play with as a main dish lake
the a47 a weapon here I have rather
well
and in this video you will see that
the game will go pretty well and I
will finish on a 31 of ratio
could more accurate thirty-one
eliminating not one death for you
to say how much the party has rather
well done even if I have to confess
I will even do a lot of elimination
with my dogs the size and mollard
Liked but good in general
the game went pretty well
less I find it otherwise in the video
we will do today just a little
debate which I hope obviously we will you
like a little debate here is normal
quietly put me down
in front of my little microphone and I hope
just that you too are well
asked and in this video as I you
it's going to be a little debate
really super happy sages give well
to confess let's say that what is happier
and it'll be more comments space
video since you really need to really
chat with me there is akçam so it's
really you now to tell me a
little what you think
compared to what I'm going to tell you
after in the commentary space of the
video so today we're going
just talked about a potential break
of a peace stats just to see a
a bit
what are the people who are for
and count but also
to have your arguments and now
it's really you telling me what
are your arguments for a ps4 break and
what are your arguments account a ps4
I broke in this video monks and
alright i'll just give you my
arguments a personal month so for
to begin you must know that me to givet
going finally I'm going to have just
a single argument by category for you
to say how true it is
but I really sought I did not
found so I really tell you
simply if they do not go to the
head
so I must know that I am
really a person who likes
change the game simply on ps3
I do it
I would also like to do on pc
theater this is also filing having
small fashion like a little speedway is
a little game ben really simply
to have fun for fun all
simply
but it's not possible yet
since there is no pesca jailbreak or
can not change the thresholds for the
to do in campaign mode for the moment
so for the moment it's not
really possible and that's really the
solar of the world I am here me
I would really like to change
some games on pc head but for
the art of the month they listen to now
it's really the fact that here I am
am really a ps4 player since
debut that the outputs is really
from the beginning she came out I
can admit even when I
really tried
to see a little bit about that
would look like for example for call of
duty on ps3 but I went there
also and I really guarantee you
had at the time about a year ago kid
was really not the same since
with fashions and without words it's not about
column same thing and frankly I
really great fun to me of course
call of duty now since there is
no radar everyone is really
the same is really his level that is
happy so it's a little bit for that
that I like and it's really art
of the mans who's against for me what
would be good for me what would
perfect i will be actually a ps3 gibret
coming out but there is a small
problem finally not really a small
problem but that there is no more
rescue or something like that
will actually play online
and if there is a ps4 jailbreak coming out in
update it's true we will say 1.50
or less points in 70 what is
really not the last and well I
you say it's done sk I'll buy it
limit you dry is not really a
normal ps4 and I blame him for me
finally I will have the age to house earlier by
which myself, then here it is
possible m
so here are the friends I really hope
that this video is accompanied and will aim
more do not hesitate to leave for coop
home a little I like it would make me
really have fun and well
obviously also subscribe for
follow all my next videos
now it's really want to me
say what you think about it in space
commentary of the video
go I tell you very very soon
for new videos do you wear
okay going to be world